Add `examples/quick-start`. Add JSON Schema for Atmos manifests validation. Update "Quick Start" docs (#482)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/tutorials/atmos-getting-started.md

      - command: terraform deploy output-results
```

> Above we updated a couple variables to change the behavior of our terraform code for this particular stack. Since we mounted our local `stacks/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above, we updated a couple of variables to change the behavior of our terraform code for this particular stack. Since we mounted our local `stacks/`
```

> folder to our `atmos` container via `--volume`, when you save the above stack file docker will update your container's `/stacks/example.yaml` file as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder to our `atmos` container via `--volume` argument, when you save the above stack file, Docker will update your container's `/stacks/example.yaml` file as
```

1. Example components that require a specific workflow in order to execute correctly.
1. Usage of `atmos` in executing against some terraform code and orchestrating a workflow from our stack.

With these tools, you can skip documenting the various steps of building an environment (aka WikiOps) and instead focus on just describing and

> automating those steps! And there are many more `atmos` and stack files that can do beyond this brief intro, so keep looking around the docs for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automating those steps! And many more things `atmos` and stack files can do beyond this brief intro, so keep looking around the docs for more
```
